[DNM until v7.5.1] resource_control: enhance observability (#15934) (#16455)
pingcap/docs: statement-summary-tables.md

> **Note:**
>
> - In TiDB, the time unit of fields in statement summary tables is nanosecond (ns), whereas in MySQL the time unit is picosecond (ps).

> > - Starting from v7.6.0, for clusters with [resource control](/tidb-resource-control.md) enabled, `statements_summary` will be aggregated by resource group, for example, the same statements executed in different resource groups will be collected as different records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Starting from v7.5.1, for clusters with [resource control](/tidb-resource-control.md) enabled, `statements_summary` will be aggregated by resource group, for example, the same statements executed in different resource groups will be collected as different records.
```
